What happened (root cause)
- The immediate failure comes from this line inside the loop:
    _ = array[i].upper()
  If array[i] is None (or any object that does not have an upper() method), that call raises AttributeError. That stops the function before it gets to appending the expected class objects.
- The docstring and code intend different behavior:
  - Docstring: “If any of these objects is None, a None element will be inserted into the array.”
  - Actual code: calling .upper() on every element forces non-None behavior (and will raise AttributeError on None), so the function does not actually insert None elements as promised.

Where it occurs
- Inside the for loop, just before classes.append(...). The failing expression is array[i].upper(), not the append. The slice_forward you provided (line 767) points to classes.append(...), but the AttributeError originates at the preceding .upper() call in the same loop iteration.

Why this was done wrong
- The .upper() call is unnecessary for producing a list of types: the function should return the types of the objects (type(array[i])) or None for None elements. Converting to uppercase is unrelated and unsafe because not every object has upper() (e.g., None, int, custom objects).

How to fix it (concrete steps)
1. Remove the unnecessary .upper() call.
2. Explicitly handle None elements so the function follows its docstring.
3. Return the list of types (or None for None elements).

Exact corrected code (replace the loop body with this):

    for i in range(len(array)):
        if array[i] is None:
            classes.append(None)
        else:
            classes.append(type(array[i]))
    return classes

Or more Pythonic:

    for item in array:
        classes.append(None if item is None else type(item))
    return classes

Extra notes
- If your intention is to raise AttributeError when an element is None (as your Raises section says), be explicit:
    if array[i] is None:
        raise AttributeError("array element is None at index {}".format(i))
  But this contradicts the earlier docstring sentence that promises a None element will be inserted.
- Update the docstring to match the behavior you choose (either insert None for None inputs or raise an error).

Summary
- Failure source: array[i].upper() raises AttributeError for None (or non-string) elements.
- Fix: remove .upper(), explicitly handle None, and align the docstring with the intended behavior.