You’re getting AttributeError: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'upper' because some variable that the code expects to be a string is actually None, and the code calls .upper() on it. Python reports the first place that happens in the traceback. Here’s exactly what happened, why it happened, and how to fix it — with concrete steps you can follow to find the exact line and correct it.

What happened (one sentence)
- A variable evaluated to None, then the code executed variable.upper(), causing Python to fail because None has no .upper() method.

Why it happened (root causes, concrete)
- A function returned None instead of a string (common with functions that return nothing or return None on error).
- A dictionary lookup used dict.get(key) and the key was missing, so get returned None.
- A regex match returned None (re.match / re.search returned None) and you called .group() or .group(...).upper() on the result.
- You assigned the result of a method that can return None (for example, str.find when not found returns -1 — not None — but some APIs return None) or an optional field from parsed JSON or a database row that can be null.
- A variable was overwritten earlier with None (e.g., myvar = None; later myvar.upper()).

Where it occurred (how to find the exact spot)
1. Read the traceback at the top of the error message. It lists the file, line number, and function/method where .upper() was called. Example entry:
   File "/path/to/project/module.py", line 42, in process_name
       name = raw_name.upper()
   That tells you to open module.py and look at line 42 inside process_name.
2. If your traceback includes multiple frames, follow the topmost frame in your own code — that’s where the .upper() call happened. (Library frames below it are less likely to be the direct cause.)
3. If the traceback points to a lambda or a comprehension, expand it in your source file to see the variable name.

How to verify the cause at that line
- Insert a quick check one line above the failing .upper() call:
  print("DEBUG: variable_name =", repr(variable_name), type(variable_name))
  or use a debugger breakpoint to inspect the value.
- If the printed value is None, you confirmed the cause.

Concrete fixes (step-by-step, with examples)
1. If the variable can legitimately be None and you want an empty string:
   - Replace variable.upper() with (variable or "").upper()
   Steps:
     a. Find the line from the traceback (e.g., module.py:42).
     b. Change raw_name.upper() to (raw_name or "").upper().
2. If None means an error and you want to fail fast with a clear message:
   - Add an explicit check and raise a helpful exception.
   Steps:
     a. Insert above the call:
        if raw_name is None:
            raise ValueError("raw_name is None at module.py:42 — expected a string")
     b. This gives a clear error immediately instead of the AttributeError.
3. If the None came from dict.get(key):
   - Use dict[key] if you require the key to exist, or provide a default: dict.get(key, "").
   Steps:
     a. Locate the lookup (e.g., settings.get("username")).
     b. Change settings.get("username") to settings["username"] (if missing should be an error) or settings.get("username", "").
4. If the None came from a function that can return None:
   - Fix the function to return a string or handle the None at the caller.
   Steps:
     a. Open the function definition and confirm its return statements.
     b. Ensure it returns an actual string on all code paths, or document/handle None at call site.
5. If the None came from a regex search:
   - Check the match before using .group():
     Steps:
       a. m = re.search(pattern, text)
       b. if m is None: handle the missing match (skip, default value, or raise)
       c. else: value = m.group(1).upper()
6. Add unit tests or a guard to prevent regressions:
   - Write a small test that passes None and verifies your code either raises a clear error or returns the expected default.

Examples (one-line replacements)
- Unsafe: name = raw_name.upper()
- Safe default: name = (raw_name or "").upper()
- Fail-fast: 
    if raw_name is None:
        raise ValueError("raw_name must be a string")
    name = raw_name.upper()

What to change first (recommended order)
1. Read the traceback and open the file/line it points to.
2. Print or debug the variable to confirm it’s None.
3. Decide whether None is acceptable:
   - If acceptable: provide a default ((var or "").upper()).
   - If not acceptable: raise a clear ValueError or ensure upstream code returns a real string.
4. Add tests to cover the None case.

If you paste the traceback lines (file, line number, and the code around that line) I will point exactly which line to change and give the minimal patch to fix it.