What happened (where): at line 770, inside the loop, the code calls
  classes.append(type(array[i]))
If the function is called with array == None the code reaches that line while trying to index the input and crashes. If an element in the input is None the code appends type(None) (the NoneType class) instead of a None value — this contradicts the docstring.

Why it failed (root causes, plain language):
1. Missing None check for the input array: the docstring says “This method returns None for a None input array,” but the implementation does not check for array is None before looping and indexing. Indexing array[i] when array is None raises an error (None is not subscriptable), so the function fails immediately instead of returning None.
2. Docstring / behavior contradiction for None elements: the docstring says “If any of these objects is None, a None element will be inserted into the array,” but the code uses type(array[i]). For a None element that will append type(None) (the NoneType class), not None. The docstring also says the method “Raises: AttributeError: If any element is None” which directly contradicts the other statements (insert None) and is not what this line does.
3. Incorrect or misleading exception documentation: the docstring promises an AttributeError on None elements — the code shown does not intentionally raise AttributeError for a None element; the real failure for a None input is a TypeError or similar when you try to index None. The mismatch between docstring and code hides the true failure mode.

Where exactly it occurs:
- Line 770: classes.append(type(array[i])) — this line is reached while iterating over the input array. If array is None, array[i] is illegal and the function will raise. If array contains None elements, this line will append the NoneType class instead of appending a literal None (contradiction with docstring).

Concrete fixes (step-by-step):
1. Add an explicit input-none guard at the top of the method:
   - if array is None: return None
   This enforces the documented behavior “returns None for a None input array” and prevents the function from indexing None.
2. Decide what you want for elements that are None and make the code match:
   - If you want to insert literal None into the result when an element is None, change the loop to:
       if array[i] is None:
           classes.append(None)
       else:
           classes.append(type(array[i]))
   - If you instead want the class object of every non-None element and a class object for None (NoneType), then keep type(array[i]) but update the docstring to say “None elements become NoneType” and remove the “Raises: AttributeError” claim.
3. Fix the docstring to match implementation:
   - If you implement step 1+2 (return None for a None input, append None for None elements), docstring should read:
       - Returns: a Class array, or None if the input array is None
       - If an element is None, the corresponding output element is None
       - Remove “Raises: AttributeError” unless you actually intend to raise that.
4. (Optional) Replace indexing with iteration to avoid off-by-one or index errors and make intent clearer:
   - for obj in array:
         classes.append(None if obj is None else type(obj))

Example corrected fragment (replace the code around line 770):
  if array is None:
      return None
  classes = []
  for obj in array:
      if obj is None:
          classes.append(None)       # or: classes.append(type(None)) if you prefer that behavior
      else:
          classes.append(type(obj))
  return classes

Summary:
- The immediate crash is caused by missing a None check for the input array before indexing at line 770.
- There is also a mismatch between the docstring and code regarding how None elements are handled and which exceptions are raised.
- Fixes: check for input None, decide/implement the intended behavior for None elements, and update the docstring to match.