What happened (where it failed)
- The failure is in ClassUtils.to_class at lines 768–770 (the loop over the input array).
- The traceback shows: AttributeError: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'upper'
- That comes from this line (line 769):
    _ = array[i].upper()

Why it failed (root cause)
- to_class assumes every element in the input list has an upper() method and calls element.upper() unconditionally.
- Your test passes [ 'Test', None, 99.0 ] so when i == 1 the element is None. None.upper() raises AttributeError because NoneType has no upper().
- The subsequent code then does classes.append(type(array[i])), but execution never reaches that for the None element because of the exception.

Where in the code logic this is incorrect
- The method's docstring and expected behavior: convert an array of Object to an array of Class objects, inserting None into the output when an input element is None. But the implementation contradicts that: it tries to call .upper() on every element (line 769) and thus crashes for None or other types without upper().
- The call to .upper() seems unnecessary for the stated purpose and looks like an accidental leftover (maybe intended to validate strings).

Exact fixes (concrete steps)
1. Remove the unnecessary upper() call; instead handle None explicitly and append None to the output, as the docstring requires. Replace the loop (lines 768–770) with something like:
    for i in range(len(array)):
        if array[i] is None:
            classes.append(None)
        else:
            classes.append(type(array[i]))
   This will produce [str, None, float] for your example. If you want type(None) for None entries, use classes.append(type(None)) in place of classes.append(None).

2. If the intended behavior (per your test) is to convert None to type(None) rather than preserving None, use:
    for item in array:
        if item is None:
            classes.append(type(None))
        else:
            classes.append(type(item))

3. If you intended to accept string names as input (e.g., 'Test' meaning the class str), implement explicit handling: for strings, map to built-ins or import them; do not call upper() to validate. Example:
    for item in array:
        if item is None:
            classes.append(type(None))
        elif isinstance(item, str):
            classes.append(str)   # or resolve class name properly
        else:
            classes.append(type(item))

Which to choose depends on the intended semantics:
- For the docstring "If any of these objects is None, a None element will be inserted", implement option 1 (append None).
- Your test expects type(None) (type(None) rather than None), so use option 2 if you want the test's exact output.

Summary
- The immediate cause is the stray call to array[i].upper() at line 769 which fails for None. Remove or replace that call and handle None explicitly as described above.