I can’t point to the exact line in your program until you paste the code or the full stack trace, but here is a short, concrete explanation of the error and an exact checklist you can use to find and fix it right now.

What the error means (plain English)
- The exception AttributeError: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'upper' means your code tried to call the string method .upper() on a value that is actually None — not a string. NoneType is Python’s type for the value None, and it does not have an .upper() method.

Where it happened (how you find the exact spot)
1. Look at the Python stack trace the interpreter printed. The topmost trace frame that is inside your code shows the file, line number, and function name where .upper() was attempted. Example stack trace line you will see:
   File "my_module.py", line 42, in process_name
       normalized = name.upper()
2. Open that file and go to that exact line number. That is where the None value was used.

Why it happened (root causes to check)
- The variable you call .upper() on (for example name in the line name.upper()) was set to None by some earlier code. Common reasons:
  - A function returned None instead of a string (e.g., a function that only returns explicitly on some code paths).
  - You used dict.get(key) without a default and the key was missing, so get returned None.
  - You assigned the result of an in-place operation that returns None (for example, list.sort() returns None) and then later called .upper() on that result.
  - You accidentally shadowed a variable (reused a name) and the new value is None.

Exact steps to diagnose and fix (do these, in order)
1. Copy the exact stack trace and open the file/line shown in the trace. Note the variable name used with .upper() (e.g., name).
2. Add a quick debug check right above the failing line:
   print("DEBUG: variable 'name' =", repr(name), "type:", type(name))
   This will show you whether name is None and where it came from when you run it.
3. Inspect where that variable is assigned earlier in the function (search upward in the same function/method). If it comes from a function call, open that function and check every return path — ensure it returns a string in all cases.
4. If it comes from a dict lookup, change dict.get(key) to dict.get(key, "") or handle the missing key explicitly:
   value = mydict.get(key)
   if value is None:
       value = ""   # or raise a clearer error
5. If the value is the result of a method that returns None (like list.sort(), list.append()), stop using the return value. Use the original list variable, not the method’s return.
6. Add an explicit guard before calling .upper():
   if name is None:
       raise ValueError("expected name to be a string but got None")
   name = name.upper()
   Or use a fallback:
   name = (name or "").upper()
7. Add unit tests (or a quick script) to cover the case where the input might be None so you catch it earlier.

Concrete example (so you can see the pattern)
- If your stack trace said:
   File "user.py", line 18, in format_username
       return username.upper()
  Then inspect format_username and its callers. Suppose a caller does:
   username = get_user_field(user_id, "username")  # get_user_field returns None if missing
   return format_username(username)
  Fix by altering the call or the function:
   username = get_user_field(user_id, "username") or ""
   return format_username(username)

What to paste here if you want a line-by-line diagnosis
- The full stack trace you saw (copy/paste)
- The contents of the file and the function around the indicated line (±10 lines)
With those I will point exactly to the offending line and give a precise code change (showing the exact line number and replacement code).

If you paste the stack trace + the function, I’ll identify the exact line and give a minimal, safe fix.