I can’t point to the exact line in your program because you didn’t include the code or the traceback. The Python error AttributeError: 'NoneType' object has no attribute 'upper' always means the same thing: some expression produced None, and then your code tried to call .upper() on that None value. .upper() is a string method (str.upper); None has no methods, so Python raises this error.

How to find the exact cause in your code (step‑by‑step)

1. Read the traceback. The traceback shows the file name, function name and the exact line number where Python tried to call .upper(). Example (what you will see):
   File "/path/to/your_file.py", line 42, in process_name
       normalized = name.upper()
   That line number is where the failure happened.

2. Inspect that line. Open your_file.py and go to line 42. Find the variable being used with .upper() (in the example above: name). That variable is None at runtime.

3. Find where that variable is assigned earlier in the same function or passed in as an argument. There are common root causes:
   - A function returned None instead of a string (e.g., def get_name(...): return None in some branch).
   - You used dict.get('key') without a default and the key was missing, so you got None.
   - You called a library function that can return None (e.g., re.search(...).group(1) can raise or return None depending on match usage; some parsing functions return None on failure).
   - You overwrote a variable by mistake (e.g., name = some_function_that_returns_none()).
   - You expected input (HTTP body, form field, environment variable) to be present but it was missing.

Concrete example showing the failure and fix

Failing code (example):
   1  def normalize_user(data):
   2      name = data.get('name')     # line 2
   3      return name.upper()         # line 3 -> AttributeError when name is None

Why it fails
- If data has no 'name' key, data.get('name') returns None. Calling .upper() on None raises the error.

Fix options (pick one that matches your intent)
- Provide a default empty string (if empty string is acceptable):
   name = data.get('name', '')
- Validate and raise a clear error if missing:
   name = data.get('name')
   if name is None:
       raise ValueError("missing 'name' in data")
- Ensure the function that supplies the value never returns None (fix upstream):
   name = fetch_name_from_db(...)
   # make sure fetch_name_from_db returns '' or raises, not None

How to validate your fix (debug steps)
1. Re-run the code and check the same traceback location — if fixed you should not get AttributeError for that line.
2. Add an assertion or logging right before the .upper() call to confirm the value and type:
   assert name is None or isinstance(name, str), f"name unexpected: {name!r}"
   or
   print("DEBUG name:", repr(name))
3. If this occurs in a larger call chain, follow the traceback up to the caller functions to see where the None originated.

If you paste the traceback and the relevant lines (the file and line number the traceback points to and the function where the variable is set), I will pinpoint the exact root cause and give the minimal code change to fix it.