I can’t explain why the code fails because you didn’t include the code or any error output — the message contains only “[SLICE_FORWARD]”. I need the concrete code and error details to give a precise root-cause and line-by-line explanation.

To let me diagnose the failure and give exact fixes, please paste the smallest failing code snippet and these items (use copy/paste, include exact text):

1. The source file or snippet (include the lines around where it fails). Mark the exact failing line(s) and include line numbers if possible.
2. The exact runtime error or exception text and full stack trace (copy the console output).
3. The language, runtime and versions (for example: Python 3.10.9, JVM 17, Node 18.16.0).
4. The input data or how you run it (command line, request payload, sample inputs).
5. The values of key variables at the moment of failure, or how to reproduce the failure locally. If you don’t know variable values, paste any log output or test that reproduces the issue.
6. Any recent changes that preceded the failure (e.g., changed function foo(), updated library X to vY).
7. The file and line numbers you care about (e.g., file main.py line 42) — I’ll reference them directly.

If you prefer, paste a small standalone minimal reproduction that demonstrates the failure (5–30 lines). Example template to paste:

// language: Python 3.10
# file: app.py
1: def compute(x):
2:     y = x[0]
3:     return y + 1
4:
5: print(compute(None))

Plus the exact error:

TypeError: 'NoneType' object is not subscriptable
  File "app.py", line 2, in compute
    y = x[0]

Once you paste the snippet and error, I will:
- Point to the specific failing line(s) (file and line number).
- Explain exactly why it fails (what variable is wrong, what operation is invalid).
- Explain where the bad value originated (call site / function that produced it), if visible.
- Give a short, concrete list of steps to fix it (with exact code changes and line numbers).
- Provide a 1–2 line test or reproduction to confirm the fix.

Paste the code + error and I’ll explain the failure precisely.